F

S

M

hin

y S

irrors a
urfa

Gla
or 
s
s,  
n
d 
e
s

c

WITH

Glass Cleaner and Air Purifier  
The only glass cleaner that actually improves indoor air quality

Use the Power of Light to Clean™

Use the Power of Light to Clean™

 OVERVIEW
PURETi® Clean & Fresh™ is an environmentally friendly surface treatment that changes 
the way you think about cleaning glass, windows, and shiny surfaces.  Not only is it 
an excellent, streak free cleaner, but it actually improves indoor air quality.  PURETi’s 
technology is energized by sunlight, turning ordinary surfaces into light-activated air 
purifiers that oxidize harmful organic particles, including VOCs, in the air.  Surfaces 
stay cleaner longer and are easier to clean.  PURETi Clean & Fresh also brings out 
the brilliant, high definition look of your glass.  A single application works for up to 3 
months, delivering a health-enhancing innovation to your customers and employees.

BENEFITS

Improves indoor air quality and reduces VOCs 

Reduces chemical footprint using minerals, not chemicals, to clean

Delivers a streak-free shine 

Gives glass, mirrors & shiny surfaces the look of a high-definition clean

✓

✓

✓

✓

Uses the Power of Light to Clean glass, mirrors and shiny surfaces to 
transform them into light-activated air purifiers

  
RESULTS
Improved Indoor Air Quality.  PURETi Clean & Fresh isn’t just another low VOC product, 
it is actually a negative VOC product that actively cleans the air after it is applied.  In 
laboratory tests, when exposed to UV-A light, PURETi Clean & Fresh treated glass 
significantly reduces harmful VOCs in the air, essentially eliminating them within 24 hours.

✓

Reduction in VOCs on  

PURETi Clean & Fresh Treated Glass

Time Measured After Exposure to UV-A Light (T=0)

Uses Minerals, Not Chemicals 
For A Healthy, Sustainable 
Clean.  PURETi’s patented 
formulation of Titanium Dioxide 
(a common mineral) can replace 
traditional methods that use harsh 
chemicals to achieve temporary 
results.  PURETi not only cleans 
great the first time, but it leaves 
behind and invisible layer of 
crystals that continually clean 
the surface and the air for up to 
3 months.  Reduce your overall 
chemical footprint and improve 
your sustainability profile.   

Deliver a “High Definition” Look.  Job #1 is getting  
the glass clean, and PURETi Clean & Fresh delivers. 
Customers comment that their glass has never looked better, 
and actually has  “high definition” appearance. Using PURETi 
Clean & Fresh to care for your interior glass and shiny surfaces 
is a no compromises solution:  cleaner glass, better for the 
environment, and cleaner air to breathe.

“I am excited about this innovation. Since 
we started using PURETi Clean & Fresh 
it has enabled us to provide an effective, 
sustainable, health and wellness enhancing 
cleaning program to our customers and it has 
made the job safer and easier on my staff.”

 

—Danny F., Facility Program Manager

How PURETi Clean & Fresh Works:

1.  Light energy coming through glass activates 

PURETi’s photocatalytic particles.  

2.  PURETi then uses this energy to briefly 

transform humidity in the air into powerful 
oxidizing agents that destroy 
harmful VOCs and pollutants 
in the air and then return to 
being water vapor. 

3.  The process repeats itself 

millions of times per second 
until all pollutants are 
destroyed.

4.  Normal air flow circulates 
pollutants to the PURETi 
treated surface, continuously 
cleaning the air in the entire 
workspace.

To learn more please visit our website at www.PURETi.com
PURETi Group, LLC | 44 West 28th St, NY, NY  10001 | (855) 5PURETi | PURETi.com | info@PURETi.com

WITH

ACTIVE INGREDIENT:  Titanium Dioxide

DO NOT DILUTE, CONCENTRATE OR MIX WITH OTHER PRODUCTS.

DIRECTIONS FOR USE:  PURETi Clean & Fresh is safe to spray on glass, 
plastic and metal surfaces. Recommended for use with a PURETi sprayer.

 ■ Apply liberally using a fine mist sprayer. 

APPLICATION METHOD
Spray apply with PURETi sprayer.  Wipe clean 
with glass specific microfiber cloth.

PACKAGING
PURETi Clean & Fresh is available in ready to use 
1, 5 and 55 gallon containers

 ■ Wipe hard surfaces clean with a microfiber cloth until dry. 

 ■ Allow to dry completely. Do not wash again or disturb surface for  

48 hours. 

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
Color and Odor:

Light green translucent, 
odorless

 ■ When exposed to light, PURETi Clean & Fresh Uses the Power of 

VOC:

0.00  

Light to Clean. 

 ■ For routine maintenance between applications, simply use a glass 
specific microfiber cloth to wipe clean and remove fingerprints and 
smudges.

APPLICATION INTERVAL: PURETi Clean & Fresh lasts up to 3 months. 
Application interval varies depending on environmental conditions.

STORAGE: Product is frost sensitive in its liquid state. DO NOT ALLOW 
TO FREEZE prior to application. Do not mix with water or any other 
products.  Do not dilute.  Store at room temperature, protected from 
direct sunlight in a dry, cool, well-ventilated area.  Keep container tightly 
closed and sealed until ready for use.  Store in original packaging. 
Containers that have been opened must be carefully resealed and kept 
upright to prevent leakage. Do not store in unlabeled containers.  Use 
appropriate containment to avoid environmental contamination.

CAUTION:  Do not take internally.  Avoid breathing spray mist.   
Avoid contact with eyes and prolonged contact with the skin.

FIRST AID:  In case of accidental eye contact, flush with water for 15 
minutes and consult a physician if irritation persists. 

Skin:  In case of skin irritation or allergic reactions, seek medical 
attention.  

Ingestion:  If swallowed, drink plenty of water and consult a physician.

In Case of Spill:  Contain and absorb with inert material.  Dispose of in 
accordance with environmental regulations. 

Disposal:   Use completely or dispose of in accordance with local, state 
and federal regulations.

Density:

8.35 lbs/gal

Weight Solids:

0.50 +/- 0.05%  

Volume Solids:

<0.50%

pH:

6.0-8.5

Flash Point:

Does not flash 

Chemical 
Stability

Hazardous  
By-Products:
Hazardous 
Polymerization:
Use of Protective 
Equipment:

Stable under normal 
conditions of use. Stable  
at ambient temperature. 
None known

Will not occur

None required under normal 
use. If conditions exist that 
may result in prolonged 
direct exposure, gloves, 
dust mask and safety 
goggles are recommended

For more information,  

refer to the Safety Data Sheet at www.PURETi.com

KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN

To order                             contact:

To learn more please visit our website at www.PURETi.com
PURETi Group, LLC | 44 West 28th St, NY, NY  10001 | (855) 5PURETi | PURETi.com | info@PURETi.com

