WITH

One-step application for opaque surfaces

Use the Power of Light to Clean™

Use the Power of Light to Clean™

 OVERVIEW
PURETi Coat is a one-step, spray application for use on any opaque surface, including 
concrete, stucco, asphalt and vinyl. PURETi Coat is a non-toxic, environmentally 
friendly, water and titania based photocatalytic mineral film former that contains highly 
photoactive anatase Titanium Dioxide. PURETi Coat is spray applied and air dries 
to form a durable, ultra-thin and invisible film that oxidizes organic micro particles 
when irradiated by UV-A light. End use applications include self-cleaning building and 
product surfaces, environmental control, and odor abatement surfaces.

BENEFITS

Reduces exterior maintenance by prohibiting the buildup of grime  
and other organic particulate matter
Keeps surfaces cleaner, longer and extends time between interim cleanings

Enhances the value and extends the life of your next cleaning

Reduces maintenance costs by saving time, money and resources

Reduces power washing

Helps extend life of substrates treated and reduces potential for repairs

Delivers multi-year self-cleaning and environmental benefits

Improves air quality and reduces NOx

Dries invisibly

Reduces chemical footprint with mineral-based cleaning technology

Efficient, easy to apply, one-step application

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

✓

RESULTS WITH PURETI COAT  
 
PURETi Coat Keeps Outside  
Surfaces Cleaner 
You can see the dramatic difference after only 
six weeks.  In the untreated cement on the left, 
organic grime has darkened the cement, while 
the PURETi-treated side remains clean.

Not Treated

Treated

*Sun Life Stadium, Miami Florida

PURETi Coat is a spray applied, water based, light activated, pollution 

reversing, architectural surface treatment

p

a

F

q

u

or A
e S

n

O

y  
urfa

c

e

 ⊲ PURETi Coat is a one-step application 
that transforms clean building surfaces 
into light-activated air scrubbers

 ⊲ PURETi Coat is professionally spray 
applied to clean surfaces, and uses 
UV-A light energy to break down the 
organic matter that would normally 
foul the surface

 ⊲ PURETi Clean dries invisibly to form a 

durable, ultra-thin and invisible film

 ⊲ PURETi Coat can be applied to any 

opaque surface including opaque 
surface including concrete, stucco, 
asphalt and vinyl

 ⊲ PURETi Coat is ready to use and 

should not be diluted

PURETi CLEANED 

AND TREATED

To learn more please visit our website at www.PURETi.com
PURETi Group, LLC | 44 West 28th St, NY, NY  10001 | (855) 5PURETi | PURETi.com | info@PURETi.com

NOT CLEANED NOT TREATEDCONTROL CLEANED NOT TREATEDNOT CLEANED NOT TREATEDWITH

ACTIVE INGREDIENT: Titanium Dioxide
ATTENTION: PURETi Coat is a professional grade product and must be 
applied by a certified applicator.

DO NOT DILUTE, CONCENTRATE OR MIX WITH OTHER PRODUCTS. 
Surface Preparation: Surface to be treated with PURETi Coat must be clean 
and dry. Clean surface with appropriate cleaning products and techniques if 
necessary.
Product Coverage: Each gallon of PURETi Coat covers approximately 4,000 
square feet for smooth surfaces and 3,000 square feet for porous surfaces. 
Coverage may vary depending on the type of substrate.
Application: Shake/Stir well before each use. Surface temperature should 
be above 5°C (40°F) and below 50°C (120°F) and relative humidity > 25%. 
Surface must be completely dry. Apply one (1) coat in a cross-hatch manner 
using a SATA, electrostatic or other PURETi approved spray gun. We 
recommend spraying a ¼” overlap. Please refer to the training guidelines for 
detailed application procedure and settings.
Drying Time: PURETi Coat dries to the touch within minutes depending on 
temperature and humidity conditions. Do not apply PURETi Coat if rain is 
expected within 24-48 hours from the time of intended application. Do not 
clean PURETi Coat treated surfaces for 2 weeks after application.
STORAGE: Shelf life is 24 months stored in original, unopened containers.  
DO NOT FREEZE. Material is frost sensitive. Store in a cool dry place away 
from direct sunlight, at temperatures between 5º C (40 ºF) and 40º C (105 ºF).
CAUTION:  Do not take internally. Avoid breathing spray mist. Avoid contact 
with eyes, and prolonged contact with the skin. Wear eye protection and 
gloves during application. Close container after each use. A dust/particle 
respirator should be worn when spraying.
FIRST AID: Eye Contact: Flush immediately with water for at least 15 minutes 
and call a physician.

Skin: Wash thoroughly with soap and water.
Ingestion: Wash mouth with water. Do not induce vomiting. Get medical help 
immediately.
In Case of Spill: Contain and absorb with inert material. Dispose of in 
accordance with environmental regulations.

Disposal: Use completely or dispose of in accordance with local, state and 
federal regulations.

COVERAGE
Coverage will vary depending on type of 
surface. PURETi Coat covers approximately 
3,500 square feet per gallon on smoother, less 
porous surfaces, and 3,000 square feet per 
gallon on porous surfaces. 

PACKAGING
PURETi Coat is available in 1, 5 and 55 gallon 
containers.

PRODUCT DESCRIPTION
Color and Odor:

Milky with bland smell

VOC:

Density:

<4 g/L (<0.033 lb/gal)

8.35 lbs/gal

Weight Solids:

2.00 +/-0.05%

Volume Solids:

<2.00%

pH:

6.5-8.5

Flash Point:

Not Applicable

Chemical Stability

Stable

Hazardous  
By-Products:

Hazardous 
Polymerization:

Use of Protective 
Equipment:

None Known

Will not occur

None required under normal 
use. If conditions exist that 
result in prolonged direct 
exposure, gloves, dust 
mask and safety glasses are 
recommended

Refer to Safety Data Sheet for more information. 

KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN

To order                               contact:

To learn more please visit our website at www.PURETi.com
PURETi Group, LLC | 44 West 28th St, NY, NY  10001 | (855) 5PURETi | PURETi.com | info@PURETi.com

