The Window Cleaner That Also Cleans The Air DETAILED CLEANING PROCEDURE Product Application: 1. Spray apply PURETi Clean & Fresh on entire surface using fine mist spray setting on Kwazar bottle. a. Work in manageable sections. b. Apply liberally. 2. Starting from top to bottom, left to right, wipe clean the glass or mirror. Use gentle pressure to wipe clean and dry. a. The goal is to wipe the product onto the surface, not off. 3. Replace towel with a new one when saturated or dirty. 4. Leave all areas dry and streak free condition. 5. Replace bottle and unused product in storage until next application cycle. Routine daily or weekly cleaning: 1. Spot clean only dirty areas with only a dry or slightly damp glass microfiber cloth. Fingerprints and smudges are removed without having to re-clean the entire surface. a. Use either water or PURETi Clean & Fresh to dampen cloth. Do not oversaturate. 2. Leave all areas in a clear, streak free condition. Applying PURETi is easy. Re-application: Every 30 days, or as needed, re-apply PURETi Clean & Fresh to the entire window surface as noted above. Fingerprints just wipe away Faster and easier Reduced total cost of cleaning End of Task: 1. Ensure glass / mirror is clean, dry and streak free. 2. Deposit microfiber cloth(s) for laundering in appropriate storage area. 3. Refill PURETi Clean & Fresh spray bottle as needed. Do not dilute or mix with any other products. PURETi.com The Window Cleaner That Also Cleans The Air An innovative replacement for traditional glass and stainless steel maintenance products. Apply monthly/quarterly vs. daily/weekly Proven to lower maintenance labor by 50% or more Deliver a dramatic, high definition appearance result  Save time  Uses less product  Enhances the customer experience  Improves sustainability Upgrade from the current chemical-based product to a mineral-based product and reduce the chemical footprint  Improve indoor air quality by 10-20% Use the power of light to clean the air for healthier indoor environments PURETI CLEAN & FRESH IS A HIGH TECH SURFACE TREATMENT THAT FACILITATES THE LOWEST TOTAL COST OF CLEANING GLASS, MIRRORS AND STAINLESS STEEL. PURETi.com