WITH One-step spray application for glass Use the Power of Light to Clean OVERVIEW One application of PURETi Clear transforms surfaces into light-activated air scrubbers that also use the power of light to stay cleaner longer. PURETi Clear is formulated to dry invisibly, making it the ideal choice for application on glass, marble, granite, or other high gloss surfaces where transparency is critical. BENEFITS Keeps glass and glossy surfaces clearer, more transparent and easier to clean Decreases number of required interim cleanings because fingerprints, spots and smudges are removed easily with a microfiber cloth Reduces maintenance costs by saving time, money and resources Transforms glass into a light activated air purifier to reduce harmful VOCs Keeps surfaces cleaner, longer by inhibiting buildup of grime and other organic particulate matter Reduces chemical footprint with mineral-based cleaning technology       RESULTS WITH PURETI CLEAR PURETi Clear Keeps Solar Panels Cleaner and Easier to Clean After three months, see the dramatic results of the glass areas treated with PURETi vs. untreated areas Not Treated PURETi Treated PURETi Clear is a spray applied, water based, light activated, pollution reversing, architectural surface treatment PURETi Breaks Down Volatile Organic Compounds Glo s F Gla or s s s a y S urfa n d c e s  PURETi Clear is specifically developed for glass, windows, solar panels, ceramics, LED screens, polycarbonate and other glossy surfaces  PURETi Clear is professionally spray applied to clean surfaces, and uses UV-A light energy to break down the organic matter that would normally foul the surface  PURETi Clear dries invisibly to form a durable, ultra-thin and invisible film  PURETi Clear is used for both interior and exterior applications  PURETi Clear is ready to use and should not be diluted As indicated by the chart above, an application of PURETi on the interior windows of a LEED certified office building reduced TVOC levels by 60% To learn more please visit our website at www.PURETi.com PURETi Group, LLC | 44 West 28th St, NY, NY 10001 | (855) 5PURETi | PURETi.com | info@PURETi.com WITH ACTIVE INGREDIENT: Titanium Dioxide ATTENTION: PURETi Clear is a professional grade product and must be applied by a certified applicator. DO NOT DILUTE, CONCENTRATE OR MIX WITH OTHER PRODUCTS. Surface Preparation: Surface to be treated with PURETi Clear must be thoroughly clean. Clean glass with a professional grade ammonia based cleaner and a squeegee. Product Coverage: Each gallon of PURETi Clear covers approximately 4,000 square feet of glass. Coverage may vary depending on the type of substrate. Application: Shake/Stir well before each use. Surface temperature should be above 5C (40F) and below 50C (120F) and relative humidity > 25%. Surface must be completely dry. Apply one (1) coat in a cross-hatch manner using a SATA, electrostatic or other PURETi approved spray gun. We recommend spraying a  overlap. Please refer to the training guidelines for detailed application procedure and settings. Drying Time: PURETi Clear dries to the touch within minutes depending on temperature and humidity conditions. Do not apply PURETi Clear if rain is expected within 24-48 hours from the time of intended application. Do not clean PURETi Clear treated surfaces for 2 weeks after application. STORAGE: Shelf life is 24 months stored in original, unopened containers. DO NOT FREEZE. Material is frost sensitive. Store in a cool dry place away from direct sunlight, at temperatures between 5 C (40 F) and 40 C (105 F). CAUTION: Do not take internally. Avoid breathing spray mist. Avoid contact with eyes, and prolonged contact with the skin. Wear eye protection and gloves during application. Close container after each use. A dust/particle respirator should be worn when spraying. FIRST AID: Eye Contact: Flush immediately with water for at least 15 minutes and call a physician. Skin: Wash thoroughly with soap and water. Ingestion: Wash mouth with water. Do not induce vomiting. Get medical help immediately. In Case of Spill: Contain and absorb with inert material. Dispose of in accordance with environmental regulations. Disposal: Use completely or dispose of in accordance with local, state and federal regulations. COVERAGE PURETi Clear covers approximately 4,000 square feet per gallon on glass surfaces. PACKAGING PURETi Clear is available in 1, 5 and 55 gallon containers. PRODUCT DESCRIPTION Color and Odor: Translucent pale yellow with bland smell VOC: <42 g/L (0.35 lb/gal) Density: 8.33 lbs/gal Weight Solids: 0.50 +/-0.05% Volume Solids: <0.50% pH: 6.5-8.5 Flash Point: Not Applicable Chemical Stability Hazardous By-Products: Hazardous Polymerization: Use of Protective Equipment: Stable None Known Will not occur None required under normal use. If conditions exist that result in prolonged direct exposure, gloves, dust mask and safety glasses are recommended Refer to Safety Data Sheet for more information. KEEP OUT OF REACH OF CHILDREN To order contact: To learn more please visit our website at www.PURETi.com PURETi Group, LLC | 44 West 28th St, NY, NY 10001 | (855) 5PURETi | PURETi.com | info@PURETi.com